Update README.md (#151)
timvisee/ffsend: README.md

package from some contexts such as through SSH without manual modifications. If
you're experiencing problems, please refer to a different installation method
such as the [prebuilt binaries](#linux-prebuilt-binaries), or open an issue._

> _Note: if you want to read/write to a flash drive run `https://send.monks.tools/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note: if you want to read/write to a flash drive run `snap connect ffsend:removable-media`
```
